feat(auth): add support for HTTPBearerAuth using Kubernetes service account (#538)
kiwigrid/k8s-sidecar: README.md

| `SLEEP_TIME`               | How many seconds to wait before updating config-maps/secrets when using `SLEEP` method.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             | false    | `60`                                      | integer |
| `REQ_AUTH_METHOD`          | Authentication method to use for requests to `REQ_URL` and for `*.url` triggered requests. Options are `basic` for basic authentication, `jwt_token_file` for authentication with jwt token from a file and `none` for no authentication. If not set, it will be determined based on the presence of `REQ_USERNAME`/`REQ_PASSWORD` or their file-based counterparts. | false | - | string  |

> | `REQ_AUTH_TOKEN_FILE` | Path to file containing the token to use for authentication with `jwt_token_file` method for requests to `REQ_URL` and for `*.url` triggered requests. This overrides the `REQ_AUTH_METHOD` if set, meaning that if this variable is set, the sidecar will use the token in this file for authentication regardless of the value of `REQ_AUTH_METHOD`. | false    | `/var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token` | string  |

Reviewer: You states that `REQ_AUTH_TOKEN_FILE` overrides `REQ_AUTH_METHOD`. However, the implementation in src/helpers.py first checks `REQ_AUTH_METHOD` and ignores `REQ_AUTH_TOKEN_FILE` if the method is not jwt_token_file.
```suggestion
| REQ_AUTH_TOKEN_FILE | Path to file containing the token. This is only used when REQ_AUTH_METHOD is set to jwt_token_file. |
  false    | /var/run/secrets/kubernetes.io/serviceaccount/token | string  |
```
